Suddenly Saskatchewan - the land of the living skies. The shock of the
prairies was visceral and deep.

He was half way from home: half way from his new home and half way
from his old one. He wasn't far enough to miss his old one, but he was
close enough to be nervous of his new one.

He'd opted to leave everything behind. His things were packed in to a
small cube in the fringes of an industrial park. His friends in their
homes. His former life in a bag in the first available garbage.

He carried on, not thinking to deeply about what was to come.

He was still in the prairies, but on the move. It was flatter than
Alberta, but still, it felt familiar.

He come came across a point of interest. It - like most of the drive -
was flat, too. Possibly the point was that the flatness was of
particular interest. He didn't know -- there was no further
information.

He carried on, zig-zagging his way east and north towards his destination.

Occasionally the roads were good. However, they seemed to have grown
worse after crossing in to the new province. Some went so far as to
have no shoulder. It made him uncomfortable.

Unlike long drives in his youth, this one's was draining. Physically
and emotionally. He missed his friends and the benefits that came with
them. But not enough to turn back. No. He had to keep going.

He carried on, through the wind and a light worry.

There were many small towns along the way. One was a paradise away
from home, or at least that's what they said it was. Who knows what
they meant by that, it seemed barren and deserted. If quiet was
paradise, then it would have been the Caribbean. Minus the people, the
beaches, and the booze.

Soon he would arrive at his destination and begin the task of making a
home. Though he was not sure what that would look like, the idea
appealed to him. This time he'd do it right. He'd get to know people
and step outside his zone of comfort. This excited him and made him
nervous at the same time.

He carried on, reflecting on his new home away from home.

He carried on, motoring though the discomfort of things left behind
and things to come.

He carried on, through the wind swept prairies that were his home.

He carried on.
